README.md, before:

<div align="center">

[![MIT Licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ramo-y/PersonalRecord.svg)](https://github.com/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord)](https://github.com/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord/pulse)
![ci](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord/build-test.yml?label=ci)
![release](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord/test-build-upload.yml?label=release)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord)](#contributors-)
![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/Ramo-Y)
![Open Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord)
![Closed Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord)

</div>

- [Description](#description)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [Syncfusion](#syncfusion)
  - [Get a community license](#get-a-community-license)
  - [Contributors ✨](#contributors-)


# Description

# Usage

# Contribution
TODO

# Syncfusion
Syncfusion components are used in this project, therefore a community license is required for each developer. Please make sure that you never commit your own license key.

## Get a community license
You can apply for a community license here: https://www.syncfusion.com/sales/communitylicense


## Contributors ✨

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/Ramo-Y"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/34425244?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Ramazan Yilmaz"/><br /><sub><b>Ramazan Yilmaz</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#code-Ramo-Y" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://allcontributors.org"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/46410174?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="All Contributors"/><br /><sub><b>All Contributors</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#doc-all-contributors" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

Update documentation about general development, branches, versions, workflows, and database fields

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

[![MIT Licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ramo-y/PersonalRecord.svg)](https://github.com/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord)](https://github.com/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord/pulse)
![ci](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord/build-test.yml?label=ci)
![release](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord/test-build-upload.yml?label=release)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord)](#contributors-)
![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/Ramo-Y)
![Open Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord)
![Closed Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/Ramo-Y/PersonalRecord)

</div>

- [Description](#description)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribution](#contribution)
- [Syncfusion](#syncfusion)
  - [Get a community license](#get-a-community-license)
- [Development](#development)
  - [Contributors ✨](#contributors-)


# Description

# Usage

# Contribution
TODO

# Syncfusion
Syncfusion components are used in this project, therefore a community license is required for each developer. Please make sure that you never commit your license key.

## Get a community license
You can apply for a community license here: https://www.syncfusion.com/sales/communitylicense

# Development
Please read the [development documentation](./DEVELOPMENT.md) if you would like to participate in the development.

## Contributors ✨

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/Ramo-Y"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/34425244?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Ramazan Yilmaz"/><br /><sub><b>Ramazan Yilmaz</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#code-Ramo-Y" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://allcontributors.org"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/46410174?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="All Contributors"/><br /><sub><b>All Contributors</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#doc-all-contributors" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
